README.md, before:

# Compilation

```bash
mkdir build
cd build
cmake .. -DCMAKE_BUILD_TYPE=Debug
```

To generate visualization from plots you need R. With all the packages
this will require about 100 Mb of space on your disk.

In Debian you would need to install following packages:

  - r-base
  - r-cran-data.table
  - r-cran-ggplot2
  - r-cran-tidyr
  - r-cran-reshape2
  - r-cran-optparse

# Usage

Use "--help"

Possible parameters for --faults are "none" and "uniform"

Possible parameters for --collective are "binary_bcast" and
"correctedtree_bcast"

Example usage

```bash
./flogsim --P 128 --o 1 --L 4 --faults uniform --F 4 --coll correctedtree_bcast --help
```

# Visualisation

You can use `../script/plot_trace.R` script to visualize generated
traces. Run the script with `--help` to see all available options.

The typical usage will be:

```bash
../script/plot_trace.R -m ./log.model.csv ./log.trace.csv
```

Will by default create file `plot.pdf` out of model `log.model.csv`
and trace `log.trace.csv`.

If you are overwelmed with number of messages, you can either disable
them using `-c` flag, or only show specific nodes using `--messages`
flag.

# TODO

  - [ ] Implement nodeset
  - [ ] Write tests
  - [ ] Add list of failed nodes to the command line interface
  - [ ] Add various finishing events: All done, All received, etc.
  - [ ] Add ceil(L/g) network capacity limit

# Dropscon

  - [ ] Exponential backoff
  - [ ] Send tree message after receiving correction

# Code style

## Constructors

Write constructors with initialization lists as:

```C++
class A
{
  int c, d;
public:
  A()
    : c(0),
      d(0)
  {}
};
```

Mind the colon!

## Whitespace

 - Put space after coma

Commit message:

Add scripts for conducting fault injection experiments

README.md, after:

# Compilation

```bash
mkdir build
cd build
cmake .. -DCMAKE_BUILD_TYPE=Debug
```

To generate visualization from plots you need R. With all the packages
this will require about 100 Mb of space on your disk.

In Debian you would need to install following packages:

  - r-base
  - r-cran-data.table
  - r-cran-ggplot2
  - r-cran-tidyr
  - r-cran-reshape2
  - r-cran-optparse

# Usage

Use "--help"

Possible parameters for --faults are "none" and "uniform"

Possible parameters for --collective are "binary_bcast" and
"correctedtree_bcast"

Example usage

```bash
./flogsim --P 128 --o 1 --L 4 --faults uniform --F 4 --coll correctedtree_bcast --help
```

# Visualisation

You can use `../script/plot_trace.R` script to visualize generated
traces. Run the script with `--help` to see all available options.

The typical usage will be:

```bash
../script/plot_trace.R -m ./log.model.csv ./log.trace.csv
```

Will by default create file `plot.pdf` out of model `log.model.csv`
and trace `log.trace.csv`.

If you are overwelmed with number of messages, you can either disable
them using `-c` flag, or only show specific nodes using `--messages`
flag.

# Fault injection experiments

Simulating fault injection experiments (FIE) requires significant
computation resources. That is why the way to do them is to run
experiments on taurus.

FIE requires a long running MySQL/MariaDB server running. I do not
describe the way to install the MySQL database. I just assume that you
have one installed.

The whole fault injection can be done by running script
`fault_tests.sh`.

Here is what it does.

  1. Sets BASE directory
  2. Starts the server (`faults_server.sh`)
  4. Queries the server name
  3. Optionally resets the database (`faults_create_plan.sh`)
  5. Start the tests (`faults_run.sh`)

Look onto exported variables in `fault_tests.sh` to configure FIE
parameters.

Be aware that the scripts were written with SLURM in mind.

# TODO

  - [ ] Implement nodeset
  - [ ] Write tests
  - [ ] Add list of failed nodes to the command line interface
  - [ ] Add various finishing events: All done, All received, etc.
  - [ ] Add ceil(L/g) network capacity limit

# Dropscon

  - [ ] Exponential backoff
  - [ ] Send tree message after receiving correction

# Code style

## Constructors

Write constructors with initialization lists as:

```C++
class A
{
  int c, d;
public:
  A()
    : c(0),
      d(0)
  {}
};
```

Mind the colon!

## Whitespace

 - Put space after coma
